Update configure-email-forwarding.md (#5110)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/configure-email-forwarding.md

Before you set up email forwarding, note the following:

> - Allow automatic forwarded messages to be sent to people on the remote domain. [Manage remote domains](/exchange/mail-flow-best-practices/remote-domains/manage-remote-domains)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow automatically forwarded messages to be sent to people on the remote domain. See [Manage remote domains](/exchange/mail-flow-best-practices/remote-domains/manage-remote-domains) for details.
```
